# Notes | Tue, May 14

## Investigating Custom Hosting on EC2

This is a further investigation into this document: 

[App Stream 2.0 // Comparison Chart](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ftp4DBXEqTKjokTCggPc73vXWVdDHtXL0ioLq6AjzsY/edit)

One of the primary features that the AppStream 2.0 service provides is the proprietary HTML5 client.

### Here are some potential open source alternatives to the AppStream HTML5 client:
#### [Apache Guacamole](https://guacamole.apache.org/) (Tabling this)
- Supports clustering. We could load-balance traffic across a kubernetes cluster that could scale in and out according to demand.
- Runs on Linux.
- May not be well-suited for handling graphics-intensive applications at scale.
- 

## Sync Up with Elliot
Elliot has something to demo with Nice DCV. It sounds like he's maybe got something viable. If that's the case, it may be time to start discussiong what elasticity is going to look like.

### Some things to keep in mind
- I want to run everything in containers
- If we can make a case for using Kubernetes, let's go that route. 
- Let's make sure we understand the flow of data end-to-end and how it is secured. When a user requests a server, I'm invisioning that a pod or task launches in a container 
- ***Identity Provider:*** How are users authenticating. 
- ***Network Load Balancing:*** It may be that we can build a solution that outperforms AppStream, since we can choose to deploy a Network Load Balancer, which is meant to handle higher throughput at lower latency.

### The Case for K8s
1. It is easier to find talent with good experience building and supporting Kubernetes environments than there are for managed services like ECS.
2. It is more platform independent. This gives us more options when shopping for compute resources. It is likely that compute costss are going to become a major factor, especially as we scale up our users. Having the flexibiilty to quickly port some of our workloads over to a provider with a better deal on compute costs could become crucial to our survival.
3. 

## Notes from the Call
- We can demonstrate that multiple sessions will run on one server while isolated from one another. 
- The Unity app is crashing. We think it may have to do with the smaller instance type not having enough compute power to run it stably. We're going to try increasing the instance type to see if that enables the Unity app to run.

> UPDATE: The Unity build requires an instance with a GPU in order to run. Elliot has confirmed this with a screencast in slack. Now we need to test how many users a single instance can handle without performance degradation. Then we can begin to calculate some cost estimates.

### Next Steps
Assuming this is a viable solution, we need to see how it works running in a container. If we don't experience any noticable performance degradation, that means it may be viable to scale it out in a cluster.
1. Let's try deploying a Nice DCV server from docker in a docker-compose setup
2. Once we confirm that we can containerize it, try putting it in a cluster of containers.
3. Add monitoring and logging so that we can collect data on performance as we simulate scale to test elasticity.
4. Identify any bottle necks in performance. We may find that we need to put our application load balancers behind a network load balancer due to the high-bandwith traffic and the 

